Ditto - Yet another distributed issue tracker
Author: James Saunders<james.h.saunders@gmail.com>

This is a python based issue tracker that operates in a similar manner to ditz or pitz. It is recoded completely to be very easy to extend and to be very light weight. The issue files are not compatible with either ditz or pitz. Currently this is very much a work in progress, it is tailored towards dokuwiki integration for the output. 

Installation

Installation uses distutils (I think), to run use: 
    python setup.py install
it requires PyYaml.

Overview:

Ditto manages issues. Issues have a title, description and estimated time to completion. Issues are automatically given names which are of the form [component]-[#] where # is an increasing number.These names are variable but should be used in the ditto commands. Issues are associated with components which are specific sections of a project. Issues are also associated with a release. A release is a collection of issues that must be completed for some feature to be implemented, the equivalent of a sprint in the agile world. As previously stated, issues have time estimates, and when closed are given an actual time to completion. 

ditto is purely command line based, which makes it fast to use for programmers. To use ditto you first have to 'ditto init', this will ask for your details and the location you wish to store ditto issues (usually .issues). If an issues folder and a project already exists the project will not be overwritten but simply linked to. Run this command in the root folder of your repository. Once that is done you can run 'ditto help' for a list of available commands. 

The important ones you will need are:

ditto add-component : Adds a component to the project
ditto add-release: Adds a release to the project
ditto add: Add and issue
ditto remove: Remove an issue
ditto close: Closes an issue
ditto open: Reopens a closed issue
ditto list: Lists issues
ditto release-summary: Creates a summery of a release in dokuwiki syntax, this is being developed to automatically publish to dokuwiki site on a git post-commit hook.
